[MLOB-2424] Update Docs (#28255)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/configuration/_index.md

1. Select the account you want to run the evaluation on.
1. Assign the LLM application you want to run the evaluation on.

> After you click **Save**, LLM Observability invokes the `GPT-4o mini` model for OpenAI and the `Haiku` model for Anthropic and Amazon Bedrock using the API key you provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you click **Save**, LLM Observability uses the API key you provided to invoke the `GPT-4o mini` model for OpenAI and the `Haiku` model for Anthropic and Amazon Bedrock.
```
